# Task-Manager
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qNRvTRbZrkM

This is our task manager mobile application called Rollcall which focuses on an intuitive interface while also being straightforward. This mobile application solves the issue of most task managers on the market being overly confusing or having to many unneeded features. Rollcall features 3 onboarding pages to explain to the user some features that this mobile application contains and how it might be useful. The homepage of the application contains a daily streak where they have a progress bar and can see how many tasks they have left for the day. The homepage also includes a settings icon, upcoming tasks, and a checkout section which has a daily motivation button, weekly summary button, view calendar button, and today's tasks button. The navbar on the homepage includes the home button, calendar button, add a new task button, daily motivation button, and a profile button. The settings page includes task customization, alert timings, and notification channels where the user can customize how they receive notifications and what notifications they receive. When a user clicks on a task, they can edit that task by the date, time, category, and a note for the task. The daily motivation page includes a tip of the day where users can feel motivated to continue if they feel stressed or overworked. The motivation page also includes a weekly summary button, notes button, and bookmarks button. The weekly summary page contains all of the tasks they have completed for each day, and the user can click on a day and see what tasks they have completed for that day. On the notes page, a user can see their pinned messages, last 30 days messages, and monthly messages. Within the note page, a user can click on a note and choose to write,edit or delete a note. The bookmarks page contains tips that the user has favorited and also the tasks that they have favorited. The calendar page allows the user to pick a day of the week and see what tasks they have for the current day so that they can plan ahead to get tasks done early or to ensure they do not miss a task. The today's tasks page includes all of the tasks they have due for the day while also having a priority level so they can see which ones are due first. The profile page includes a profile picture that the user has uploaded, their name, their email, and their profile which the user can edit if they edit their profile page. The profile page also includes a logout button so the user can sign out of their account.
 
